okay hello everyone
welcome Jesco dev team weekly sink is
january it is the 14th is 2019 if you
are here please put your name on the
attendees list on the hackpad
I will paste the link into the check now
it is there we have a note-taker is
Volker Thank You vodka and so what do we
do next what we normally do is we do a
weekly update where we tell each other
what we did last week what we are
blocked on and what we plan to do this
week so I'm just work from the top and
yeah if you haven't put your weekly
update down on the hackpad then please
do and since I am listed first
oh just quickly go over what I've been
doing I was on holiday last week so I
haven't done much but I've done some
things today and I well actually last
night I opened a request to remove the
in-memory utility from my PLD it's it's
kind of good because it means that I Tod
is less dependent on IP FS which is
which is great and I essentially did
that because I built a module called
ipfs only hash which which came out with
a request from a few different people
who wanted to be a wuss you just get the
hash for a piece of data without having
to like install a whole ipfs or run an
IP FS node so like for scenarios such as
like IOT I guess I'm not sure exactly
why they would only want the hash and
not want to add it to IP offense but it
has been requested multiple times so
there's our module which does that it's
just enough code to generate you a ifs
hash for a piece of data is basically
the UNIX FS important module so I've
been doing some dependency wrangling to
try and get 0:34 release released whilst
those away lipids be crypto got updated
again so just changing a few or updating
a few modules to get that get that all
the same version we have many modules
that depend on it
and it is quite big it's like 200k I
think gzipped so it is worth not having
multiple versions of it in our bundle so
there and then yeah so last week which I
didn't attend because I'm Jose but there
was an issue which was blocking 0:34
from being released because of like
control signals and it was because like
local event emitters were being added to
like over 10 and so the warning was
coming up in node and that was causing
the bill to fail or kind of a different
reason
anyway that's now fixed and I've got
another problem the bandwidth tests are
now failing and whilst I was gone I
think some modules got updated again and
I found out now that big number or big
jeaious has been swapped out for big
number j/s and so some of the modules
have that change and others don't and so
our tests are failing so I need to
resolve that again ok so next week at
this week even what I plan to do is I've
got some stuff to do for getting the
timeline sorted for the J's IVFs roadmap
get to get those cows and things all
finalized I need to there's a bunch of
emails for reviewing the benchmark work
that has been done by near falling and
so I need to get ok and look at those
I've been basically doing a backlog
clearance today I want to release 0:34
this week if possible and if I have time
I will start the CID version 1 base 32
by default work which I've linked to the
step that I'm describing in the issue
with a main tracker issue for this con
all of this work so that's B hooray
does anyone have any quick questions
before we move on ok so as David said
earlier Vasco and Jacob on a 10
this week's only heatedly true update in
your in time Hugo you are here would you
like to give us an update of course I
guess ok so I have been working on the
multi ashing async doing porting the API
from callbacks to promises not really
it's Raiders because it doesn't need it
yet but probably will but for now it's
all promises the pr should be today I
also had a call with Alex from the forum
to end all the Indo work for the CI part
and the CI integration and talked a
little bit about the whole benchmarks
repo and he answered all my questions so
we should be good to go for now during
this week I'll take more into it but
yeah also the some research and
brainstorming with fokin and other
people about supporting array buffers
and I've to raise internally and on the
API I still trying to figure out the
best way to do it and getting a feel for
it I use the multi ash async repo to do
that that's why the podcast it's not up
yet I need to clean it up with with the
stuff about the rave offers but I will
make a proposition shortly so we can
think more about how can we support that
stuff and also smart support node
buffers at the same time and yeah also
the window size for requests Dileep be
to be repos hail giving me a little bit
of of troubles especially in the air
Plex repo it shows of everything should
I've been passing right now but it's
still some issue with switch and amp
likes with the the less latest changes
so I'm trying to fix that
but everything else or almost everything
else already merge and released right
now it's only a matter of getting an
Plex fixed and the the I think that's
only repo ipfs and httpclient
are missing and of course the p2p is
also missing but that should be easy to
do when I make em Plex pass the test
with switch so the rest of the week I'll
be finishing finishing up that and I
will be integrating the benchmarks
trigger on the the CIA poly quest that
we have for get lava travelers so on and
that's about it anyone has any questions
cool thank you Hyuga cool focus next
would you like to give us your update
yes so in the past week i catched up
after holidays and then i'm still
working on getting the new IP API work
on ipfs if someone's wondering why I'd
take so long I do several things at the
same time which I probably shouldn't but
yeah I come to this later and doing this
I also found out that there are some mod
use because there was a like the ipfs
tests on master we're failing and there
was a back in IP FSC kidneys fest
importer and i found out that there's
only one maintainer and in the npm
module so i could be released so we
should really make sure that we have
multiple maintenance for all the made
modules we have um I guess something
like for example I propose that it
should either be like them in the lead
maintainer and and the tech lead or even
the table
repository owner so in this case it
would be Ellen as that is ipfs
maintainer because then you can release
anything you want em if there's any
issues except for this case it wouldn't
have helped because neither Elinor X
would have been there but hopefully
normally one of those two people are
there but just able to bring it up that
we need to go to should go through all
the modules we have we own to see that
we don't have those issues anyway
it's fixed now and next I will work on
implementing tree for JSI PLD i thought
originally i don't need it but i needed
also for making that tests the computer
test pass and the other thing is here
just getting all test pass on the new
api and another big thing is that i want
to have agreement on so far most people
agreed but i also want to have agreement
from those and we are holidays that i
propose that the multi codec that we
changed it from being a spring like
takes keyboard t deck TV into being
constant which is in the background just
and number and i will also propose it to
do this for the seei DS and that's those
things that I clearly do in parallel to
my iPod you work as I go through all the
api's cleaning those things up and there
therefore takes a while but I think the
outcomes quite nice we have a better
code base alright and that's all I have
any questions or comments I have a
comment so I just noticed like there's
like 300 inhe projects using just like
you'll be directly some of those like
our our own like our own modules doesn't
count but like it's our own is like less
than 30 so I can see like more than 270
projects out there without using a PLC
directory that we never really like
system and so giving it like there's no
breaking changes on the CPI and like
some of those projects are pretty
developed like I recognize some names
from some PG theses that I've read or
some other projects in the world on
and the hacker news so like perhaps
reaching out to those projects that have
active teams working on them and ping
them for feedback
just like getting them involved in the
project would be really useful it's it's
something that we we all over already to
get better at and like sometimes we
forget that like our user is not just
ourselves we actually have a confused
large community so yes this is like
another piece of work to do and I can
when I takes a lot of time but I
consider like if you find the space the
mind space just based on this your
calendar to just like go through these
300 repos and I see how active these
projects are and it's like people I
think those we post because nobody I go
through the published npm modules and
chat yes yeah there's like a github
dependencies thing that really helps
because it gives you a little bit more
information sometimes about the people
that are using it another thing too is
like you should do an alpha release
that's in a major like in the next major
do an alpha release and then when you
ping them you can say hey do you can you
try this out and tell me if it actually
does everything for you and if it would
work so that you're not just showing up
with like oh hey we have this idea for
an API it's like they have something to
poke around that yeah yeah yeah see like
this exactly the link here is on awesome
just check it out
you can find a lot of projects from like
the II wasn't project to parity to or
way to attach to a lot of things that I
don't know what they are but it sounded
interesting so check it out so I just
had a question already a question I feel
a few questions could you put a link to
the API pull request on in the notes for
everyone and also is there so the e is
there a proposal for JSC ID is there a
pull request for that yet or you'd still
to do that no and it's still on my to do
so efforts on the
next week part okay perfect and then
like on more generally with the point on
like making changes alike when we
renamed the API JSI DFS API to HS IVFs
HTTP client we there there are a lot of
people using the old one and I don't
think all of them have moved over a year
and I need to basically try and move
other people over
so in general we sort of need a way of
like awesome scripts or something to
like get all of those people who who who
are depending on our project and be able
to like open a pull request or an issue
at least on like all of those repos to
sort of encourage them to move or
encourage them to do something that
would be really useful probably against
github Terms of Service in some way I
don't know but and I will look into that
or I wasn't there hoping to look into
that at some point to try and get the
people who are still left behind on Jess
ipfs API to move over so I will post the
results of that here or somewhere or
wherever when when I get around to it
hopefully so if it is against the Terms
of Service to launch like you know
hundreds of pull requests which it
probably is are it identical issues
which it probably is one option is that
you could just use the data that you
pull from that to pull in who are the
maintainer Zoar owners of all those
repos and then just ping them in an
issue to let them know so it's like it's
not as nice probably but it's probably
within yeah that's a good that's a good
idea yeah cool all right thanks man okay
cool any other questions - Volker before
we move on perfect all right so who is
next we've got Alex would you like to
share your update all right so I was out
last week over the last week we've
merged the fix the volca mentioned for
the unix importer next
I'm gonna merge all of Alan's peers for
the in-memory IPL deed change a decent
cup for the package managers kick off
tomorrow and the IP first benchmark
stuff in there from one day there's
gonna be for any questions for Alex okay
thank you Alex
we have Zane is it yeah yeah cool so
basically spent some time catching up
been away from the product for a while
so look through some issues and then
decided to pick up Jas ipfs repo that
has a dependency on like data store as
well um so I might look at a number
project because I saw that I think Ellen
you're working on a data store sort of
refactor so if there's anything of sort
of low level that's sort of critical so
that way the higher level projects like
I have three repo can get done I'm
looking to pick that up also diving in
the Jas let p2p circuit async/await
interface change yep that's it cool yeah
the so I did the interface for theta
store I think I sent a pull request at
least and I sent a pull request for one
or maybe two of the data stores that we
have already so like a low-hanging fruit
would be to do a similar thing to some
of the other data stores that we have
basically following what what was
proposed that would be a really easy
easy thing to to dive into but if you
are looking for more than that then give
me a shout after that's cool and I will
try and pick something that might be
relatively kind of easy I'm not too
challenging yeah I mean the data sort of
thing it's fine I just couldn't see full
requests I was like well okay dependency
so where's this at yeah okay feel free
to like pay me on IRC or
or a slack away whatever and she gets
that cool um actually is there a slack
non sequitur I've never there is a slack
it's probably best to get me an IRC to
be honest are you on the developers are
se no actually so ipfs I think - dev
yeah on IC on freenode yeah just mesh me
there we can we can check okay cool any
does anyone else have any questions for
Zane no cool so next up is Alex out on
generally things it's not he's Alex here
no cool okay so there is he's left his
update here and then and then we've got
Ron who is here how you doing
so you know just one thing on Alex he is
kind of blocked on you need one of the
ports opened up for the render ground of
your server on our controller VM so I
put a link into that one on his block
session and there's also another
question about this longing just when
you guys get a chance to that so as far
as the benchmark testing went so we
added it and I'm not sure if this was
even a week before prior to this but
anyway I did multiple pure browser tests
and it was working locally fine after I
got some we're basically we were having
we had the old version of live p2p so
locally I fixed that one and it was it
was running fine and then when I
actually put it on the server forgot
about that piece and so we actually took
awhile to troubleshoot what the problem
was with it so so yeah so Alex on both
work
just troubleshooting that fixings our
install our deploy scripts they're still
they're still an issue with it and alex
is gonna work look at that one also this
week so we have an open issue in
benchmarks on that one so yeah so yes I
did a lot of troubleshooting a lot of
fixing on just the deployment piece of
it so but if it does run successfully it
actually does show up in the in the on
the dashboard with the browser
peer-to-peer testing is there so this
week I need to refactor some of the
browsing tests I'm gonna add make the
test more basically build them as a
component now in the react app it'll
just make it easier for when you guys
are adding new tests also need to so I
also created a presentation for our
meeting coming up in Wednesday so on how
to add testing we're going to go through
each of the node go in the browser test
so I worked on that presentation and I
need to update it after I do this
refactoring yes and that will be coming
up Wednesday so and we can answer more
questions about you know how the tests
are working as you guys are looking at
him so yeah and then after that is just
adding more tests and any more
troubleshooting that needs to happen so
that's it okay thank you Ron any
questions for wrong cool okay I hope to
look into this this week a little bit as
well and so I'll probably come back to
you with some questions um cool so
that's all of the people who are listed
in the weekly update does anyone else
have any updates or things to say or
questions or anything else
Aaron there yeah we've been seeing some
kind of trolling on the preload nodes
and essentially it's just someone that's
like scripting hitting about the API for
a particular slew of hashes
and it's a handful of IPs that are like
thrashing it's not really what the nodes
the preload nodes are for so not sure
the best route there was one over the
weekend that I just blacklisted for a
little while but of course the IP is
back so yeah can I just block these IPS
at will
when they seem to be taking down the
nodes or yeah I know are you able to
like throttle like pepper IP or
something like that because like it's
always like a whack-a-mole and if we
have some totaling mechanism then we
that may be more effective in the long
run no yeah it's like a throttle light
that's a reasonable throttle I could
have it as a delay also like two people
can totally abuse this like it is like
with the we open genocide because it I
you go to the field that says captain
edge and I just like a giant file and
some only the people know they're
loading provides into it so we need to
it's kind of like normal in peer-to-peer
networks they're like these problem
happens like long time ago which is like
the bandwidth it got used by each node
connection to the Bay East bandwidth
storage was computing because of all the
encryption that we do and so typically
the way to mitigate this and like this
is just like the denial of service
prevention like for peer-to-peer
networks is by having some kind of proof
of work not the Bitcoin proof of work
something more lighter which can be from
like solving crypto puzzles or just like
even checking hepta if I know these at
that time for enough time to like if I
know doesn't prove that they are willing
to stay up enough cuz I'm a lot like a
file that is large enough then their
requests should be put on the queue at
the bottom versus a node that is
actually requesting a smaller file I
wonder if this is actually something so
I think like the preload nodes will
continue to exist for a very long time
they are like a way to increase the
performance in the experience of the
network it's it's a great thing I wonder
if this is something that like falls
within the scope for bypass capacitor
because things like primo knows that I
know I just like quite normal go ipfs
nodes but it might be better to actually
have a cluster of knows that no I'll to
clean it each other versus having two or
three or ten nodes that I'll try to
catch the same file at the same time and
also do not snow
like anything from the requests so soon
yeah I'm not giving any answers I'm just
saying hey like she's not more to be
networked like we need to find some ways
to kind of like trouble but like more
than just IP throttling just like rank
these peers contribution to the network
and like their usage other networks and
perhaps like a competition with a
professor would be good to include these
set of features like if you think this
is kind of like a painting service type
of question the other exception is like
we don't want to paint stuff on
Polaroids we just want to cache it to
make it faster on the browser yeah on
that on at least so I think these
preload nodes came like in a hurry and
they are now pretty production II as a
service so I'm not sure there was a lot
of like requirements gathering or
designing around exactly what the
service would look like so it feels like
maybe that's the next step for now I
feel like throttling does make a lot of
sense at least just to keep these nodes
still functioning for the thing that we
want them to function as and then yeah
maybe a an initiative to actually just
set some requirements of what a node
preload cluster or otherwise would look
like you know actually do a design work
on that and then to play that as a real
service so just to let everyone know I
am planning on attending flies then okay
those tickets today hopefully and yeah
and will be in the area for them for two
weeks after that the second week I will
be in London meeting with yeah your crew
there so so anyway just letting everyone
know I'll be physically co-located so we
can maybe knock out some of this work
well while we're face to face that seems
to make some things go faster so okay so
right now it feels like that good
solution is to do a little bit of
throttling maybe I don't know I'll do
some testing on what the
sort of delays and then and then we can
like uh solve the problem in a more
sustainable way in the future it's up to
me I wonder like what is the size of the
file that we are seeing on the going to
the pillow notes it might make sense to
have some rules of thumb such as like if
someone is doing a get or a cat for a
file that it's bigger than 10x or 100x
it really depends again like the browser
is limited anyway and so like no one
should be trying to like do a cat of a
file that is a terabyte to a browser no
physical crash the browser nope anyway
so like what is the reasonable like
ceiling to make sure that like these VIP
Fest nodes don't those spend a lifetime
spinning for like these terabyte file
where there is no browser then to
receive the following anymore yeah the
way one of the weird things about
looking at the logs is that overwhelming
majority of the requests are canceled
before upstream actually there aren't
therefore ninety-nines so I don't really
looking at the logs I'm not really sure
I get what it is that's happening just
yet like for example there's no user
agent that's getting passed along so I
don't exactly know what it is that's
that's generating the traffic and why
the overwhelming majority of them would
be cancelled before a bit even comes
back to them anyway so so a little bit
more sleuthing and just like maybe some
duct tape over this for now
whatever that is I'll I'll report back
whatever I decide to do boggling is
probably the first thing I look at
rather than like sniffing file size
requests and stuff but I'll oh yeah
I'll let everyone know what happens so
there's a couple of things with the
preload how it works that I wanted to
mention and in so it's it happens so it
doesn't so David was talking about it in
the browser and that people shouldn't be
pre loading stuff in the browser but it
is not restricted to running in the
browser if you're running a Jess know
profess no din no chest and preload will
also still happen so so that's that and
there's no kind of restriction currently
on what is it is being preloaded so if
you try and get anything and it will try
and preload that if you try try and add
anything then it will also try and
preload that if you have stuff in your
MSS every every 30 seconds or so it will
it will try and preload your MSS root if
it's changed and so that was originally
a problem with I know Alex it was had
npm on ipfs pre-loading the MF s read
the whole of NPM for a while until we
disabled that so that was probably not
helping um but in terms of like the
preload requests being cancelled they
are done asynchronously so if you FRA
tell them then that would be OK for the
node in because there's no big users and
waiting for the whatever they ask for it
to come back before they continue so so
that would be ok and another thing about
from Ling what's it going to say it's
completely gone around yeah we'll talk
about it but just just there just some
things to know the thing about and
request being cancelled immediately it
could possibly be because it's what
probably worth checking that these IP
addresses aren't like our own IP
addresses because it could maybe it's
coming from our testing servers and we
are spinning up ipfs nodes that have
preload enabled and we're adding test
data to things on jenkins and it's
trying to be pre-loaded on the preload
nodes that could have about just it just
occurred to me so that could be
happening when you stop in ipfs node it
will cancel all of those requests for
preload so so that could be that could
explain it it definitely does seem like
it's somebody that's trying to dev
something it's not IPS that I am aware
of that I maintain myself at least you
know there's
it's like yeah last when I looked up was
coming from a we work um location so
like anyone in a we work right now just
just throwing out ideas and yes to David
we can just pretty we should just
realize they were pretty loading on
testing and we should also I think
actually Jacob went through and disabled
all the bootstrap servers for tests that
don't need lead them so our tests don't
try and connect to the bootstrap servers
and so yeah that's another thing we can
do anyway they were just my Forte's
sorry to make everyone listening to that
we are like five minutes over so sorry I
completely lost track of time it's
really nice to talk to you all and if
you have anything else to say let's take
it offline and thank you all for coming
and I'll see you again next week for
another exciting round of JSI PSS what
we did last week what we got blocked on
and what we're gonna do this week cool
all right bye everyone